and welcome to the WAN show we've got a
great show lined up for you guys this
week no for real we actually we say that
every week every single week we say that
but today we don't mean it today we have
a great show lined up for you um there's
a Wi-Fi takeover attack vulnerability in
Windows and all windows users have been
warned to update now there there is a
mitigation there's a mitigation now but
you should update your windows now if
you are if you're out of date this is
one of things like dude what was the one
blaster this is like blaster on Windows
XP where like you know if you've got a
if you you're installing off of a disc
okay you're installing off of a disc do
you do you remember this I don't
remember this dude if you installed
Windows XP off of a disc like
non-service pack Windows XP at uh post
Blaster you're and you had your ethernet
cable plugged in you would be completely
destroyed before you even could install
antivirus yeah it was crazy it was crazy
all right what else we got this week oh
oh
no we're going to be talking about
this dude I have no
excuse I'm going to have to switch to an
iPhone really I mean what do I have what
excuse do I have left I don't know so
we're going to be talking about WWDC
what else we got this week uh YouTube is
testing serers side at injection you
heard it here first it's over uh not
really but you know it is what it is
also the nas software that you've been
kind of uh teasing for a long time we
have some news it's not here but we have
some news we definitely have an update
for you guys so that's the NZ software
that I've invested in to as kind of like
um well I think of myself as an angel
regardless of whether I'm investing in
something or not
but I've definitely taken on the role of
angel investor in the sense that I was
like here's a bushel of
money have fun create the thing yeah
yeah or
[Laughter]
don't oh we are matching shirts oh my
God yeah not
[Music]
intentional the show is brought to you
today by MSI grammarly and vessie and of
course our chair partner secret lab why
don't we jump right into our first topic
of the week which is of course the Wii
takeover attack that has got all windows
users being warned to update now
Microsoft has confirmed a new and pretty
alarming Wi-Fi vulnerability in Windows
which has been rated
8.8 isn't that great out of 10 in terms
of severity using the common
vulnerability scoring system the
vulnerability assigned as
cv-20
24-30 78 very memorable does not require
an attacker to have physical access to
the targeted computer although physical
proximity is needed since it uses Wi-Fi
and exploiting this vulnerability can
allow an unauthenticated attacker to
gain remote code execution permissions
on the impacted device that's bad that's
super bad so they can just execute
code very bad very bad all window all
windows versions what do you mean by all
windows versions you mean like 10 and 11
you don't mean 95 do you because I don't
think that has Wi-Fi could you make that
work somebody's probably somebody's
probably done it don't don't don't tempt
them yeah hack a day and those people
you know what those people do they said
it couldn't be done so I so I committed
six years of my life to getting working
like Apple Air tag find my support on
Windows 3.1 like we we know we that's I
believe you I believe you do something
productive I think it's like all
reasonably modern um what do you mean
those people I you know who I'm talking
I did read a warning somewhere that they
were saying if you're running like not
currently supported versions of Windows
that you might want to you know upgrade
your windows because those are also
impacted o so this is big update I was
kind of B update conspiracy the a lot of
this a lot of this kind of especially
the like advice from
Microsoft it's just like actually I I
suspect it's less conspiracy theory and
more not giving a [__] about it's like
yeah we told you it wasn't supported
come on figure it out get on with it but
you could tell there's a felt like
there's a little bit of come on come on
in the waters you can move the Windows
button over to the left and bring back
the show the desktop thing come on in
the search sucks and there's ads
everywhere oh my God you got wrecked
with that I heard it happen I'm not
going to spoil anything else about
scrapyard Wars 9 but I was searching for
dude what no dude what was I searching
for I was doing a similar thing it was
some application that I need it was it
frame View
no no no no no no no I was trying to
turn off sleep yeah yes I searched for
sleep in Windows search I remember what
you got too dude no you you didn't see
my screen though no but I heard you it
literally wasn't even there it was not
one of the results so I searched for
sleep and pressed enter Because you know
that should probably bring up you know
power control and sleep and all that and
it would have back in the day and it
would have back in the day and instead
it loaded up Sleep Country [__]
Canada which is a terrible terrible
website why buy mattress anywhere else
bad
mattresses because there's better deals
and better mattresses maybe exactly got
them that was funny though we were
instructed to do that at the same time I
type in sleep and at the same time I
hear Sleep Country
[Laughter]
Canada that was so good that was one of
the highlights it's a very
it's
going it's going to put a lot of
pressure on our
editors
but this is the best season
ever I I season 4 has a pretty special
space in my heart it's going to Rod
right yeah it's going to be tough it is
the best season ever okay it's it's you
haven't seen my side yet no and even
just seeing my side is going to be very
strong so like I could see it I just you
know Season 4 is kind of a little
special to me at least I don't know it
is the best season ever all right um I'm
I'm very excited and and you know what
the the editing team's going to do a
great job and I'm not worried about that
um there's a few moments and again I
won't go into them but there's a few
moments especially synchronized moments
that I think are going to be insane to
see in the edit like just absolutely
nuts to see in the edit and there's like
not one there's a few so yeah yeah it's
going to be great all right so let's
continue on with this yeah Microsoft has
confirmed that with no special access
conditions or extenda circumstances none
of those are needed apart from the
proximity requirement an attacker could
expect repeatable success against the
vulnerable component Microsoft also
warrants that an attacker requires no
authentication as a user before
exploiting this vulnerability nor any
access to settings or files on the
victim's machine before carrying out the
attack furthermore the user of the
targeted device does not need to
interact at all there is no link to
click no image to load no file to
execute now I wanted to add at the end
we're not Security Experts nope
especially not me Jake sent this in the
infrastructure chat like 20 minutes
before we went live and I was just like
this is breaking news
that looks serious if you're interested
in this you should find like Security
Experts online or something and read
what they have to say about it we don't
know much about it we just read it right
before the show thanks Forbes whatever
just go update your system come back if
you want to learn more check somebody
else out that's
it um should we move on to
WWDC just Dive Right
In um or do you want me to do a topic
while you do that I can do that no let's
Dive Right In all right WWDC as even as
as a relatively low
uh how would I describe myself as a
light uh Apple ecosystem dabbler you
know I I've used the devices I mean I
people forget this it's it's amazing how
many people think I'm just like some
kind of apple hater and I and I hate the
company and I hate their products or
whatever well when you're using this now
you'll be an Android Hater I I know
right I daed the iPhone 4 for like long
3 or 4 years I daed the iPhone 6S for
over a year I was going to say a bit
yeah yeah for quite a long time um I've
never gotten into Mac OS like that's
that's never really been my jam there's
stuff I need to do like I have work to
do um and Mac OS is great for certain
things especially especially with apple
silicon like the battery life has been
there's been nothing comparable on the
window side at least not yet um I'm a
little jelly of MacBooks right now I did
I don't know I don't know if it's in the
dock but I saw that there's some early
Snapdragon Elite or Snapdragon X Elite
benchmarks that are
looking not as exciting as as we might
have hoped which is really disappointing
so I'm I've been kind of getting
hyped and now I'm like a little more
cautiously maybe I hope to be optimistic
at some point anyway um we we just
really haven't had a response to that
but other than that I there's there's
nothing that really draws me into Mac OS
and being in uh being in the industry
that we're in which is kind of a lot of
different Industries like we do some
media which Mac is super friendly for
but we also do some uh maker stuff which
Mac is super a lot less friendly for
like I don't think solid works is
supported at all and that's something
that we have multiple teams that rely on
so it's just like if we're going to be
on an ecosystem we have to be on
something that we can all be on
otherwise we're supporting this like
random random mix and we actually are
supporting a random mix we are these
days but it's relatively limited on the
Mac side and not going to lie it is
pretty
annoying uh we're we're working on
making it less annoying it is possible
for it to be less annoying um but even
like our our like Remote Management
stuff we like basically need another
system for Apple you basically need two
systems so even as a light user the only
Apple product that I daily drive today
is my airpods Pro twos even as a light
user uh WWDC was legitimately very
exciting this year so uh we have a full
video on WWDC so we're not going to go
through absolutely everything but the
team did put together a bullet list of
kind of everything that Apple announced
and bolded are the ones that they
suspect that I will be most excited
about we kind of glossed over it in the
video a lot of things bolded but dude T9
dialing oh I didn't actually hear about
that all right right so they're catering
to you
specifically someone at Apple finally
listened and you know what I don't think
it has anything to do with me I'm not I
I I don't actually have a big enough ego
to think that someone at Apple was
like I've been doing this a lot this
show so far let's win over the Canadian
someone yeah let's let's bring him into
the fold it's time you know I I I don't
actually think that happened but what I
do think has happened at Apple and what
a lot of these things feel like to me is
of an attitude adjustment okay these are
all things the things that I'm most
excited about so the ability to really
though actually for real customize your
home screen layout yeah and put an icon
anywhere you want it shouldn't I don't
feel like it should be that huge to me
but it's huge to me my my home screen
has always been almost blank and it's
important to me to be and dude I am not
going to put stuff I need to interact
with at the top physiologically
it doesn't make any sense for me because
I have small hands and I can't reach it
I can reach the bottom everything I need
to do frequently there you go is in the
bottom right so that's where my email is
that's where Chrome is that's where my
okay I have a folder called social that
contains things like teams because I
don't have a real social life I just
have my paid friends uh but but so like
media social navigation storage and
docks uh email Chrome that's all there
and then everything else that's kind of
out here is stuff that I need once in a
while and so the way that iOS worked
where I just had to like stack up
garbage or put uh unnamed folders to to
take ups oh so stupid it's just such an
unnecessary completely asinine
workaround and you guys won't have to
hear me whine about it ever again
because Apple has finally just
acknowledged that the only reason they
weren't doing it was just user hostility
and outright stubbornness like it just
had it had nothing to do with that this
was difficult or something they couldn't
do it was just because they didn't feel
like it and it was the same way with T9
dialing there was I've talked about this
before and I get it you Johnson you
don't understand T9 dialing and that's
fine it doesn't matter you can just not
[__] use it because it's not in the
way because T9 dialing doesn't get in
your way you can continue to type on a
keyboard like a caveman instead of using
T9 dialing like uh I don't know um whole
man you know well I mean look they both
existed at the if anything if anything
T9 came first we're less
Advanced but the point is that oh man T9
dialing doesn't impact your ability to
search for a contact with your keyboard
it doesn't matter you can continue to do
that but it's something that I've said
time and time again an a skilled Apple
developer could literally Implement in
probably an
afternoon plus all the time it takes to
validate all the other stuff but in
terms of the actual development of that
feature it is negligible by modern
standards it would be very fast and the
only reason that they haven't done it is
just I don't know because Android has
that feature and I don't
know having something that Android had
first except that half the things that
they do Android had first so I so I've
just I've never been able to understand
it um but it's great it's freaking
awesome it's so much faster it means
that you don't have to program favorites
you don't have to uh you don't have to
remember anyone's number you just start
dialing their name you don't dial the
number so so you Martha who doesn't
understand what T9 dialing is I've tried
so many times to explain it and had
people argue with me that it's slower
and I'm just like I actually can't
anymore like you've just you've not
listened and now you're you're yammering
at me and this is not a real
conversation because you haven't heard a
thing that I've said um so it's really
really exciting to me but but what's
exciting to me about those two things in
particular is those are two things that
Apple absolutely knew they absolutely
knew that competing platforms had them
they absolutely knew that they were easy
to implement and they absolutely knew
that their users wanted them yeah so
they knew all of these things they're
not intrusive to users that don't want
them exactly they knew all of those
things and they didn't do them because I
don't know F you that's why that's the
only reason I can think of um and here
they are and here they are at the same
time and here they are alongside a whole
bunch of other really cool stuff that
basically eliminates any reason that I
would need to stay on it I shouldn't say
any reason side loing is still a huge
one for me but eliminates almost
any reason that I would need to stay on
Android I respect that being an
important reason do you actually do Sid
loing I actually need it there is one
stupid smart home appliance that I have
that is not approved for sale in Canada
ah I imported one from the UK and
because I'm on a Canadian App Store and
Play Store account with a Canadian
credit card I cannot install the app for
it unless I side sideo it that's
frustrating yeah so no side loading does
matter unless it doesn't to you in which
case that's great but if you do need it
you do need it y um don't tell me what I
can and can't install on my phone if I
get the thing and I decide I'm going to
you know take the risk and use this
thing that is not for sale in my country
then I'll then I'll use it it's not up
to you um so that that's that's
definitely something that's holding me
back but man this is great RCS support
RCS is coming so it really does feel not
like just some stuff that they're doing
to you know think differently and and be
apple about it this really feels
like oh crap the legislators are coming
not coming they have come the
legislators have come it's time for us
to appeal to our users in a we don't
have you held hostage anymore um stuff
that you want here it is here it is here
it is be so happy about this and
remember iPhone remember iPhone is great
and all this that is good and it really
is it's really good this looks awesome
chat GPT integration um you know that's
cool the fact that apple is paying for
it so you aren't paying any more than
what you're paying for your shiny ey
device or your iCloud subscription or
whatever else so if Siri can answer the
question she'll answer the question and
apple actually has some of that running
locally which is super super cool and
then if it's too complicated for Siri
then it'll fall back to chat GPT and if
if you have a paid chat GPT account you
can bring some of your paid features
over but otherwise it's just free I
don't yeah I don't think Apple's
actually paying for it um I think just
like no one is um I think Apple is is
paying in quotes through distribution
not cash paying an exposure sorry sorry
sorry excuse me uh so whatever the
compensation is if you want like
Advanced features you do have to pay
yeah yeah so but in terms of the
basics Apple has sorted it out and you
will basically get uh I think they're
using GPT 4 Omni yes as far as my
understand goes so you'll get the you'll
get the latest chat GPT which is super
cool uh they've got clean app AI photo
object REM yeah the photos app
redesigned so it's now a lot more
similar to Google photos which is
legitimately really great um let's see
what else we got you canap Yap app
locking and hiding oh app locking and
hiding is super cool what's that you can
you can basically um you can basically
have apps hidden so that if a different
user is using the device um they they
don't even know that it's installed and
no notification will pop up so the joke
we made in the video was uh like if I
had grinder and I didn't want yvon to
see it um then I could I could like lock
that I could hide that app entirely and
even media that that a different user
though oh cuz this is not okay this is
for this is on ipados Yeah okay or and
iOS actually it's not phone I was still
thinking phone and if I handed if I
handed it to my kids or whatever then
can I can lock away certain apps which
is super cool that is cool um the iPad
calculator is super cool might want like
Reddit or um
Twitter places where things might get
posted that are you don't neily want
them seeing absolutely um let's
see what else we got here a Mac OS yeah
the iPhone mirroring thing on Mac OS is
super cool it's like kind of like a
remote desktop is thing you can like
take take phone calls and stuff um what
else we got window tiling yeah Mac OS is
looking a little bit better yeah they
finally have like suggestions for window
layouts when you when you drag the thing
over that's nice yeah it's like that's
what I'm talking about though it's stuff
that just obviously should have been
there a long time should have been dealt
with ages ago and they're just like it's
like they're just it's like the entire
team is just assigned to finding those
things that people have been whining
about for 10 years and just just get it
done just get it done so cool someone
mentioned in terms of like the app
loocking oh took with some
antitrust antitrust is good man uh
someone mentioned along with the app
locking thing that like banking apps um
and any if you if you have like uh some
form of I don't know I was going to say
government apps I can't think of any
that are currently active but I know
like the co passport stuff was a thing
for a while uh you can have those locked
down that's pretty nice someone pointed
out yes taking phone calls your Mac has
been a thing for like a decade with what
is it continuity or whatever it is um
yes but the the the like the the
basically just having like your iPhone
just be like a little thing it's pretty
cool mhm so yes you could take a phone
call but you could also do like anything
else um I have to imagine that they're
using a lot of the same work that they
did for the Vision Pro for like desktop
projection mean now that everything's
running on the same the same silicon
essentially um so someone said oh where'
it Go Safari reader mode is Crazy by the
way it will it will like deemphasize the
unimportant parts of a page whoa yeah so
it's like not add
block but it's essentially Linus Vision
it's like a it's like a focus mode
that's pretty cool actually yeah I might
actually use that because I use my have
I told you my three paragraphs trick
what is your three paragraph trick
whenever I open an article I always skip
the first three paragraphs
if it's like in if I'm in like my Google
news feed and I click on something I
immediately scroll three paragraphs down
because it's like it when when the
article title is like something that I'm
interested in the first three paragraphs
are almost always fluff because they
want you to scroll down to get through
the ad makes sense so I just skip them
and go right through it and the I find
the the third or fourth paragraph is
usually when they start hitting the like
meat of the article um Macky Bean full
ping shot said for Windows snapping Mac
OS couldn't do that before because
Microsoft actually had a patent there's
got to be ways
yeah I'm sure they could have figured
out around suggested layouts not
actually window snapping that's a way
that you could think of to work around
it right yeah and that and they're doing
it now patents expire after what like 15
years or something like that it hasn't
been that long so they clearly they
clearly figured it out yeah got be
ways man so cool oh there's unannounced
but discovered in the iOS ios8 beta
voicemail notifications including
transcription that's nice custom
charging limits 8200 % something that
just should have been a thing like back
when they had that whole debacle around
the batteries degrading they should have
launched that at the same time it should
have just immediately been a thing
there's absolutely no reason for it to
have not been a thing um flashlight beam
pattern adjustment okay that's super
cool uh visual side button press
indicators U mixed language keyboards
for example Spanglish okay that's super
cool seriously um yeah I'm I'm sure we
could talk about a lot more of this
stuff guys you can watch the video you
can watch like all the bajillion videos
and articles covering it but for me
really what I wanted to talk about on W
show was apparently it's been 15 years
Windows snapping was announced in 2009
yes Windows snapping but Apple's had
just the like side to side one for a
while okay it's the like multiple layout
suggestion one that I think came with
Windows 10 as a power toy first and then
was integrated something it was it was
not as long ago okay yes window Aros
snap has actually been 15 years um that
was that was launched with Vista if I
recall correctly uh yeah I know right
the the weird one that I was discussing
with someone last night
um
is 2015 is only 6 months away from being
a decade
ago crap yeah a we that's a weird one
stop
it yikes oh yeah um but yeah yeah the
the the attitude shift that seems to
have taken place here just the fact that
so many of these things are things they
could have done five or 10 years ago uh
oh sorry they had split screen but not
snapping I had to buy an app called
magnet to enable window snapping um I
look either way fine fine either way
doesn't change the point the point is
they're finally addressing things that
have been clear deficiencies that their
users have wanted them to address for
very long time while also doing cool
Innovative Apple things like the
satellite text messaging thing is so
cool that could be a literal Lifesaver
an actual Lifesaver um awesome I I love
it they briefly overtook Microsoft as
the world's most valuable company uh but
lost the lead before close
apparently love it I'm excited I I I I'm
you know what I'm going to do it I'm
going to try I'm I'm going to I'm going
to daily well look I've been looking for
a new phone for a while you've been what
is that note 9 yeah yeah for how long uh
ever since I dropped my fold in the pool
Dan has my fold now how's the fold
treating you Dan it's good I um I'm
traling it with my dad actually really
your dad's using it that's right how
does he like it I think he likes it a
lot uh he uses the fold not very often
though yeah that was my thought as well
I have technically two folding phones
now and eh you just so you just have
like a double thick phone for no reason
basically what it ended up being
H yeah I don't know I think uh lonus you
had a better use case for it where you
could have scripts and chat kind of
simultaneously while doing production
and stuff like that right I didn't
really use it for that that much I
mostly opened it up to like read
articles yeah yeah exactly especially
because so many modern sites have so
many ads on them that on a candy bar
form factor you like can't actually read
the article like complet breaks
it so there's that anyway I've been
looking for a phone for a while and you
guys suggested very stupid things to me
unfortunately well one of them wasn't
that stupid one of them was the LG Wing
was a very stupid suggestion but the
fairphone 5 wasn't stupid until it was
super super underpowered and had just
like gamebreaking bugs like the fact
that the the ringer volume could only be
earsplitting or completely off which
just doesn't work for me uh okay um so
this might be it then I might just go
iPhone it's
fun do it for a while but I it didn't
feel like it was ready you keep going
back to the pixel yeah I never want to
and I know you hate it every time and
then you just like keep going back it's
like what kind of relationship is this
that you're in I think this time I if I
if I had to do it again I probably would
have gone with an Experia actually but I
realized that like months after the fact
not not shortly after the fact like
months after the fact I'm going to
convert you trying other people just
quietly has pretty great phones um Sony
has a lot of quiet everything yeah
nobody seems to really care over here
well I I had an Experia a long time ago
and I really like so
much I'm I'm the one North American who
actually cares Dan okay okay Dan he's
got me pretty so when when this finally
goes down the tank which hopefully not
for another like couple years but um I I
suspect it'll be iPhone versus xeria oh
yeah and tap to cash in Apple pay looks
sick yeah it's like splitting splitting
bills forget about it like how how how
was that not a thing like the fact that
genuinely pretty cool isn't the
animation like sick too that was one of
those things that I'm not sure I haven't
actually I I I saw an animation of
something and I thought it was that but
I'm not sure and it looked really cool
that was one of those things that just
killed me when like almost 10 years ago
someone told me uh no it couldn't have
been 10 years ago it was a long time ago
it was between 5 and 10 years ago
someone was like yeah in some ways
China's behind but in other ways North
America is laughably behind and one of
those ways was contactless like cashless
payments they were like yeah you can buy
a banana with like WeChat for 15 cents
and just like there's no fees and like
it's F I mean you know the government is
watching you but other than that just
the convenience of just pulling out your
phone and being like yeah I'll yeah I'll
take one banana from like a roadside
vendor and this was this was back when
when I don't even think Apple pay
existed here yet so it was just like the
Dark Ages essentially you know you were
you were still pulling out your credit
card and like swiping a magnetic strip
whenever you went down to the States
like at least you guys support pins now
brutal yeah that was that was ridiculous
like we had pin authentication for like
years take your card though they'll
they'll take your card go to the machine
plug it in bring you the machine fun why
did you do that part this is
uncomfortable let me I don't
know anyways uh you know who's not happy
about this
stuff Elon Musk Elon Musk was furious at
the news of a partnership with open AI
immediately threatening to ban the use
of Apple devices at his companies even
by guess what why because well he
tweeted an image to explain uh if you
check it out on X I will share my
screen that's why I guess
because you're giving all of your data
to open
AI but I think maybe he doesn't
understand or maybe I don't because I
think it's opt in right because you
because it's not like apple doesn't have
their own AI stuff he uh he knows that
like like like
Tesla has had more user data scandals
than open AI right well open hasn't
lasted for very long been around for
very long but he knows that Teslas have
been pretty big quite egregious watching
People's videos yeah like uh because you
have you have all your cameras in your
Tesla and there's been uh Tesla
employees caught just watching People's
videos and stuff yeah like not good not
and then and not just watching them but
like sharing them on like internal
discords and stuff like group chats
sorry their internal sorry their
internal group chats um
like he he knows that right yeah kind of
weird I don't he knows that I think it's
just because of his like ongoing war
with open AI so he's just trying to like
make noise you see the you see the
lawsuit apparently some Tesla
shareholders are mad that he created a
competing AI company when Tesla was
supposed to be his AI
company like I could see that it's it's
almost
like he's been this way all long and the
fact that you didn't notice is kind of
on you um I'm sorry I I know that I've
been kind of branded as an Elon hater
but to me his character has been on full
display for a very very very long time
uh the big turning point for me that
made it just so obvious and I'm so sorry
if if this wasn't obvious but um it it
it just it is to me because of the space
that I work in um and the thing that
made it so OB obvious to me was when
they dissolved their uh their press
relations for Tesla yeah because it was
it was after a streak of just sort of
uncomfortable questions that their press
relations had had to answer where he
basically made a statement without
making a statement that he was
accountable to nobody and didn't have to
answer anybody's questions and um
dissolved it and I was like okay well
that tells me everything that I need to
know about you you think you are not
accountable and it's been so clear in
basically everything he's done since
then that he thinks he's not accountable
you know that might have been the worst
move that he could have done uh at all
because I feel like if there was someone
in front of him he'd probably be doing a
lot better right now cuz I think a lot
of the like downturn of uh public
perception of and public perception of
some of his companies has largely been
due
to honestly just his Twitter
usage if he just like didn't tweet
things I bet you people would still
think he was a
God but anyways um moving on I guess I
think we're done yeah um YouTube testing
server side ad injection according to
reports YouTube is now inje injecting
ads directly into video streams to try
to defeat ad blockers YouTube has been
using client side ad injection where the
ad and video are delivered separately to
desktop and mobile clients and the
player is programmed to pause the video
at certain points to play the ad now
YouTube is experimenting with serers
side ad injection which places the ad
directly into the video stream before
the content is delivered to the viewer
and if it's like a mid video ad just
sort of at the same time right it's
acting as if it's the normal video feed
so it's you can't detect it that way
remember when I pitched you this for
plane ads yeah remember when we had
talked about having a free tier I have
big memories of this we had a
conversation you were like yeah
basically like a lot of our savviest
audience and that's going to be a lot of
the people who are most dialed in who
are going to be a lot of the people who
subscribe on float plane are just going
to use ad blockers anyway so there's
like no hope and I was like but like
what if we could just what if we could
just encode several versions of the
video with like the various campaigns
we're running right now and obviously
that's a super rudimentary like stupid
way to do it and you were basically like
yeah but the processing and storage are
going to be ridiculous and this is
something that could conceivably work
but one of the challenges is that if
it's encoded into the video they could
just use the slider to skip it which is
something that you know for all of its
faults the other way of serving ads does
not allow we had this like whole
conversation about it um and to be clear
I'm not I'm not imagining that I
invented this idea but it was funny to
me to see that YouTube is now testing a
feature that we had a conversation in
our like crappy boardroom about that
would have been a long time ago seven
years ago I remember like bits of this I
I I I remember enough to like know that
it definitely happened I just don't
remember the conversation super super
clearly um but yeah that all makes sense
this this sounds like effectively the
same thing but more sophisticated cuz
it's probably like um just in time setup
jit instead of like trying to transc the
whole thing ahead of time um so they can
like insert it that way uh but anyways
it's it's interesting to the technical
side of me um but yeah so they're
they're experimenting with doing server
side ad injection which places the ad
directly in the video stream before the
content is delivered to the viewer this
makes most forms of ad blocking
harder not impossible but harder many ad
blocks work by disabling the javascripts
that inject the ads into the video
stream obviously this switch will affect
that functionality if it works that way
it's not going to work at all
incidentally this also affects sponsor
block um oh as they take User submitted
data about where the sponsor segments
are located in YouTube videos this
extension offsets timestamps to skip the
sponsored content but the varied length
of integrated ads will affect the length
of the offset and affect its ability to
crowdsource accurate and precise data
this is what I was saying the the idea
that we had inter or you had would have
actually worked with sponsor block cuz
the idea was to like bake these things
in but if they're doing this in like a
just in time format where they have the
video file but they're streaming stuff
ahead of it right um or or like along
they're just like picking different
chunks and I might be misusing just in
time because I don't know exactly how
they're doing this so I might be saying
the wrong thing but they're doing it a
little bit more live than than the plan
that we had um which is going to mean
that it's not the same for every single
user every single time you're going to
get different ads which means that
things like sponsor block will will
struggle a little bit
now I'm sure there are I can think of
ways that they could still make it work
mhm because if you can detect what ad is
playing mhm you might be able to have
some data on how long that ad lasts the
solution is going to be the same
solution that everyone is using these
days
AI oh yeah you could recognize an ad you
could recognize self-promotion so the
whole thing could just be man that that
oh wait wait wait wait wait yeah so you
could wait no at the very best though
all you could really do is just like
like like blank it out so it could be
kind of like you could just you could
effectively like turn off your TV while
uh while YouTubers are promoting their
merch or while while an ad is running
and then it could like come back on kind
of thing because you wouldn't be able to
like you could get the chunk analyze the
chunk be like bad chunk and then just
like I would I would love a like crab
Rave ad
blocker so like any anytime it detects
an ad it just like play crab
R it' be so annoying but it would be so
funny well you heard about how bad lonus
Le development was it was nothing
compared to luk Le development yeah we
are working on that
no it would be be really
funny oh man anyways uh this doesn't
this doesn't make ad blocking possible
as we've been kind of discussing ad
blockers could still function using
detectable metadata and UI elements like
a clickable ad link um or a variety of
other things or even like yeah I'm
thinking like User submitted like hey
this ad that looks like this plays for
this long long skip whatever blah blah
blah uh discussion question at what
point do you think youtube/google will
be satisfied with their levels of ad
block if the platform is able to defeat
ad block what do you think the effects
on the platform and user base will be
one thing that would be really
interesting about sponsor Block in
particular to me is I think it would
cause a bit of a change in the YouTuber
sponsor read meta CU right now I think
that a lot of Savvy users are just
skipping it um and so some channels in
particular have like really long or like
um like really long placements like
right at the beginning of the video and
stuff like that and I'm I'm just
wondering a minute and a half right at
the beginning is one that I saw recently
crazy and so I just I look at stuff like
that like ours have always been designed
to be easily skippable um so the first
one is about 10 to 15 seconds which is
supposed to be one tap of uh either a
double tap with your thumb on your phone
or of the arrow key on your keyboard um
and then our intro is I think about 8
seconds so basically two is supposed to
just skip you through it um and then our
ending one is supposed to be such that
the well the video is over who cares
just navigate away or sometimes we'll
put a little bit at the end to reward
the people who you know watch the
sponsor integration but um it's supposed
to be pretty easily skippable it's been
really fascinating lately you can kind
of you can kind of follow Trends and
audience sentiment towards things
because we've been doing that method
for n years or something like that where
we've like we've had the two spots we've
had a short one at the beginning and
then a longer one at the very end and um
I'll I'll see I'll see sometimes an
uptick or a or a downturn in comments
about it oh L got two sponsors of video
or people will be like completely fine
with it and and it's it's it seems to be
more related to what else is going on on
the platform and just how generally ad
saturated people are compared to
anything to do with us changing anything
cuz we really haven't
um but I would be I would be I would be
very interested to see if this made
Behavior like the you know minute and a
half at at the beginning of the video
just kind of go away because I don't
know what percentage of people even use
extensions like sponsor block but I
suspect it's I suspect it's reasonably
High I mean see it talked about a
lot I don't think yeah I don't know yeah
I have no idea I'm just I don't see it
talk that much I see it around but not
that much I don't think I don't think
it's anywhere near as widely known as ad
block yeah that's and I think it's
pretty majorly like just the Youtube
Hyper audience not like like Norm's no
ad block I don't think Norm's no sponsor
block is what I'm trying to
say interesting
um Dan what else are we supposed to be
doing let to merch oh it's merch
messages time hey why don't you uh hey
if you have sponsor block why don't you
just skip this part except I actually
think it's the most interesting part of
the show so get [__] wrecked I guess
yeah um all right what are we doing Dan
oh wait should we talk about like a
reason you might want to like do a merch
message oh right that is what we're
supposed to be doing uh if you're new to
the show it's merch message time that's
right don't leave a Super Chat don't
leave a
twitch Bick or whatever they're called
twitch bit um I know twitch B it's like
a purple Bick yeah it's a pen um don't
leave a twitch bit or whatever just
leave a merch message go to LTT
store.com and in the cart you'll see a
little box when we're live for a merch
message merch messages go to our
producer Dan there he is ah so cool they
go to producer Dan who will reply to
them or forward them to someone who can
answer your question or just pop them up
on the bottom or curate them for me and
Luke to reply to you we''ve got a couple
of things going actually we've got one
thing going on on the store this week if
you have like a a baby shower coming up
or just you know you've got a friend
who's having a kid sometime soon or had
one recently we've got a bundle going
right now so you can pick up the ABCs of
gaming board book which is one of the
highest rated items on the store it is
literally five stars almost across the
board out of over 300 reviews there is
one that is one star let's see probably
didn't get it yeah nice uh it's
basically five stars people love the
ABCs of gaming and then you will also
get or you can also get the wait why is
it not in here I never okay we have a
little bit of work to do on uh on our
store uh is it a is it a plushy what
what is the uh the shape order oh it's a
miracle anyone manages just to buy it at
all okay there it is anyway uh shape
sorter toy so this is this was
painstakingly designed by one tin and
stack to have unconventional shapes
that's right who needs a circle and a
square when you can have a laptop and a
game controller and almost all of them
will not go through the uh if I remember
correctly there's only one that can go
through a whole that it's not supposed
to there's two if you like really if you
like really find a way anyway the
quality is great absolutely love this
thing again tons of five-star reviews
overall Five Star product and if you buy
these together you get free shipping for
your entire order so if you're someone
who needs to gift something fun and Tech
related or just I don't know a gift for
someone who's having a baby or had a
baby recently and you wanted to pick up
something else from the store then uh
now is your excuse to pick up the ABCs
of gaming board book and the shapes
sorder toy and you will get free
shipping on your whole order so you can
pick up what ever other stuff that you
wanted to grab without paying for
shipping that is worldwide my friends so
enjoy it anywh who um do you want to
show them how merch messages work Dan
yeah sure so let's see what we've got
here first one's up from Phillip morning
lldd is there an ETA on any or any idea
on work cargo
pans uh yes I saw I think they're in
production right now so that means less
than 3 months but but more than
one yeah yeah hey W.D over the years
you've gotten to see some fairily
momentous Tech advances and Innovations
looking back what are some severely
under or
overestimated oh man someone reminded me
of uh a buzzword that we totally forgot
about shoot now I forget Yeah in our AI
is a live video we had like you know
internet of things and yeah 5G you know
some some of those Buzz words it's just
like remember all the stuff they were
telling us 5G was going to do and I was
just like basically the I was looking at
it going like yeah yeah okay I get it
it's like way more throughput and the
latency is going to be way lower or
something right but like how how's the
latency going to be that much lower like
it still has to like you know bounce off
of there and relay over there and
like isn't a lot of it just like
switching time like it moves at the
speed of light regardless of how many
G's you have right um
oh man Big Data that's the one remember
Big Data well big data is a thing of
course it is a thing yeah but like just
the way that okay the way that we were
talking about it
was so optimistic and what's funny is
we're actually oh God yeah okay what's
funny is we're actually
finally some of that is finally coming
to fruition like with machine learning
right now oh yeah with llms um like that
that that all that that data Gathering
um seems to seems to be actually
mattering finally but man the the the
kind of I I remember I can't even
remember what like stupid presentation I
was in where they were basically like
yeah yeah big data is just going to like
enable this and I was sitting here going
like I mean we're all on like you know
iPhone fives right now like it's not
it's not going to do any of that stuff
um yeah man Big Data Big Data was
awesome uh what else did we what else
did we what what what are some of the
other like really funny ones 5G I'd say
is has been the biggest flop cuz 5G I
mean remember I don't think it changed
anything remember when they changed the
remember when they changed 4G to LTE
yeah so LTE stood for long-term
something um stands for yeah what what
long-term extensions or something
long-term
Evolution 5G could have absolutely just
been part of long-term evolution and we
could have just stopped calling things
G's because as far as I can tell other
than the millimeter wave stuff that
functionally doesn't exist unless you
happen to live like right next to right
next to a an access point for
it I'm sorry I don't see I don't see why
it couldn't have just been yeah yeah LTE
plus LTE Pro Max uh I just I don't I'm
sorry I don't I don't don't really get
it it doesn't seem like 5G was was much
of a change and it seems like the
carriers agree because a lot of them are
just popping up a little 5G thing on
their on their branded phones when you
actually only have an LTE connection cuz
function functionally it doesn't make a
difference for most I mean think about
it for watching a YouTube video it's not
like you need any more speed than 4G LTE
anyway for uh accessing a web page I
mean realistically your isp's DNS is
slower than the actual download speed
like that's not the it's just not the
issue I don't actually need it to be
faster and man the stuff they sold us
that 5G was going to do like it was
going to enable autonomous cars I'm
sitting here going like you can't you
can't drive a [__] car over a
Cellular Connection I don't care you
could have the world's most magical
Cellular Connection you're not driving a
car over it like get real please I'm try
to find like
um key features and benefits of 5G
technology here I'm G to find a 5G
infographic yeah here we go here we go
uh
5G fast it's dozens of times faster uh
not an evolution 4G it's a full new
mobile system connecting everyone using
numerous Services connecting objects
dozens of
billions as if the [__] a dozens of
billions it's reactive for realtime
Services connected cars online gaming so
much this is just in internet envir
environmentally friend what the [__] are
you talking about friender than what
reducing cost and energy consumption of
what I don't know it's just it's just
stupid solderless PCB edge launch
connectors like what okay what does that
have to do with
anything oh god oh man yeah oh yeah oh
oh HD video internet of things only
shows up on 5G there was no internet of
things on any of the previous G's also
this is amazing
2019 20 to 40 gbit per second what are
you talking about what the heck so we
didn't have HD video on 4G oh no yeah
yeah yeah yeah 100% we we couldn't do
that also what does SMS have to do with
any of them
nothing oh Lordy that graphic annoys me
yeah I know well they were basically all
like that man like oh we're going we're
going to have man remember connected
cities and you know what eventually
we're going to we're going to have that
but 5G is going to be in the in the rear
view mirror like way way back there by
the time anyone is driving around in a
functional connected City I I I 100%
remember the the buzz word but I'm I'm
trying to look up like what okay
connected cities draws its inspiration
from something something it integrates
Brownfield and Greenfield development
into a unified what the vision is for
compact highquality walkable
developments focused around existing and
new Railway stations groups of
settlements some existing some new are
linked using existing rail corridors and
clustered around a hubtown together they
form a connected City unhappy elf says
this is a terrible take why did we go
past 3G then uh okay that's not what he
was saying literally at all if you want
I can take this one sure go for it so he
wasn't saying that at all he wasn't
saying we don't need more speeds he was
saying they were promising the sun moon
and stars when it was just faster
internet um you weren't going to you
weren't going to suddenly be able to do
new crazy things we were already able to
do those things yes it's just like a
little bit faster and honestly when
you're on your phone you very rarely
need it it's nice it's good and you know
technology ever Marches On we will use
it more and more over time now that it
exists more apps and things that could
use a little bit more bandwidth will
probably do that this will also be part
of an advent of probably lazier
development we see this in a lot of
different ways back when you had to fit
everything onto a a CD or a cartridge
there was a huge amount of effort going
into making sure that you could fit as
much as possible and now it's like well
everything has massive ssds let's just
not care about how much data we're using
at all that type of stuff anyways and
nobody's making fun of it getting faster
and better I said it could have just
been it could have just been 4G
long-term Evolution I mean we're making
fun of buzzwords yeah not technological
advancement technological advancement
good yeah it's faster nice that's good
buzzword nonsense that promises the sun
moon and stars as as Luke very
eloquently put it is is not good oh this
wasn't on the doc but you just reminded
me of this and apparently you reminded
it's silent in float plane chat as well
we got to talk about
cod cod yeah Cod salmon tuna you know
the the 300 gig okay no that's I'm not
even interested in that okay what I am
interested in is the fact that not only
is it a 300 gig game but you are going
to be streaming textures constantly oh
really you need you must be online okay
but is that artificial in order to
stream textures like game
textures I do not understand so
you're
okay I didn't I didn't know this part
I'm trying to what is the 300
gigs it's probably all like
uncompressed and like how how is this oh
man I continuous texture streaming I
remember this from earlier this week
there was some like hilarious
contradiction in all of this too I was
man I'm trying to I'm trying to I'm cuz
I think the texture streaming was to oh
yeah I okay okay okay don't quote me on
this but I think someone from somewhere
Justified this by saying that the
texture streaming like the always online
requirement and the texture streaming
was to account for like like data limits
and not making the 300 game 300 gig game
bigger even bigger and it's like wa a
second so your solution is that instead
of downloading it once I'm going to be
downloading it over and over again
constantly are you [__] kidding
me the only way that that logic makes
any sense is if you know I'm never going
to play the whole
game is if you know your game is so bad
I'm just going to play it for a little
bit so that way I only streamed as much
texture as I need I'm trying to figure
some some people have like monthly band
with uh caps that are actually like
difficult to deal with 300 gigs is
apparently for the mesh data and they
are streaming
textures the mash data is 300 gigs I'm
sorry but this is just like the am the
amount of engineering a worst solution
that goes on sometimes just blows my
mind because they would have had dude
they would have had to put so much work
like they they probably built like a
significant amount of data center think
about how big a Cod game is and I don't
mean big like in gigabytes I mean big
like in cultural impact how many people
play a Cod game oh yeah streaming that
kind of data to that many play
like
dude let me let me see dude they they
quoted the monthly active players uh in
in
the just steam charts Cod has a lot of
monthly active players I am blown away
by this how is streaming the data over
and over and over again a solution
by the time I look at that rock six
[Laughter]
times no I'm serious though and okay
it's it's possible that not all texture
data is streamed like it would be pretty
asinine if like character models were
streamed um
yeah but like okay well okay here pitch
Me Pitch me okay it's it's it's not 300
gigs but sorry ke yeah that's the whole
pack or something like that I don't care
differentes honestly I'm not I said I
wasn't even mad about that what I'm mad
about is this texture streaming nonsense
so put your computer away put your we're
having a conversation I'll put my
computer away let's have a conversation
okay I am I am I am I okay I I'm the
owner of like infrastructure expenses at
Activision okay okay and I'm trying to
sell this hold hold on hold on hold on
no no okay okay just just let me get
there okay so I I own infrastructure
expenses I I want to manage
infrastructure I want things to be as
efficient and cost effective as possible
okay
okay name one texture in the game that I
should put on my infrastructure for
people to download over and over and
over again instead of just once one
texture that that makes sense
for uh I'll
wait uh well the the
the I got one okay a garbage can and
Spider-Man no wait the DLC live shop the
DLC live shop and all the new skins oh
interesting okay so this would help them
avoid having to do an update creep every
single
time pretty good there you go was that
pre-informed Noe on the spot that's
pretty good uh you know you play yeah
got hundreds of skins yeah that's he
wins a point there
so much so basically this is a way for
them to advertise a lower install size
you know I bet you they're going to
that's 100% the reason they're going to
do both you think they'll just if you if
you've like streamed it enough times
it'll just be like okay and it'll
download a permanent copy I would like
that because like there's there's
this so my argument was going to be that
we have the initial download size so
someone can play the game uhhuh but then
we we allow them to play more quickly we
reduce a barrier to players getting into
the game by allowing texture streaming
this is a thing already the problem and
the reason why I didn't pitch this
already is because the way that normally
works is once you stream it to them they
keep it and then you don't have to
stream it to them again right because
you you just allow downloading while the
game's running this is like like
blizzard has done this which I mean
heavily related company blizzard has
done this for a really long time you
download like 40 50% of the game and
then it is playable but they're like
you'll still have to stream some
textures when you're in the game but
when you're streaming those textures and
other various things you just have them
yeah and it's part of the game install
so now so now this
way oh
Lordy this is so this is painful this
actually hurts my brain yeah uh Dan is
100% right though that is the reason to
do it I still feel like they'll make you
do update when they do that though mcxl
in chat says in-game advertising and
billboards which is probably more
accurate than what I said they're
probably both right to be complet well I
I feel like I like Dan I think Dan
should definitely get a point for it but
it it'll probably be more like what
you're talking about where it just still
think they're going to make you update
um and no I don't necessarily think
they'll make you update though because
they could just they could just feed
that to you while you're lobby while
you're loading in the lobby or whatever
like they could just it doesn't have to
be streaming streaming uh but it could
be but they want the store to be
pristine the second you load the game
they don't want the store to look bad
because your internet connection is a
little bit rough that's
[Music]
my yeah I'm not 100% convinced on the
store they might be updating the store
daily the Billboards would explain why
it matters for single player though
because in single player the Cosmetics
wouldn't be relevant but Billboards and
ads would be the reason why they would
need you always online for single player
that's a thing right in COD uh I'm not
sure I mean probably but who knows I
don't know this is brutal dude yeah
brutal a AWA 1992 says you guys please
stop giving them ideas if they haven't
had them yet trust me when it comes to
ringing blood from a stone Activision
has had the idea already and if they
could patent it they would vented blood
ringing
machines blood ringing
crucibles that's not what a crucible is
but okay it's
fine forged in the blood ringer um
any that sounds like the intro to some
like fantasy movie yeah all right forged
in the ring of blood anyways what are we
supposed to be talking about um I was
going to give you one more merch message
or we can move on up to you no sure do
it yeah do it one more hey LDL what are
your thoughts on the new thermos siphon
developments for PC Cooling and is there
any kind of cooling Tech you'd like to
see or attempt to put in a PC uh thermos
siphons are super cool we saw it
initially with ice giant um they're
apparently working on uh a more AO form
factor um type of thermos siphon wait
Frost giant Studios dang it no I mean
super cool but no
um wow they are a very small company you
can specifically search for them and
they still won't come up neat well ice
Giant's also like a really no offense
very generic ouch got him uh anywh who
ice giant is apparently working on some
kind of prototype for a more AO form
factor type thing I don't see anything
on their
site uh and knock to a showed off a
thermos siphon that was in like an AO
type form factor and uh was essentially
a pumpless AO but it uses face change so
it's a thermos siphon um super cool if
if they can achieve aiol like
performance that would be amazing
there's still going to be some
challenges they'll be a little bit less
flexible because they're gravity
dependent you have to have the radiator
above the CPU block uh otherwise you you
won't get that um that natural flow
um yeah cool in terms of other cooling
technology I mean I think we're going to
see I'd love to see water cooling get
cheaper but like I think it's gotten
about as cheap as it can get yeah uh I
think we might see some Innovation
though because of the amount of thermals
and power that's going to be going
through these data centers so we'll see
like data center Innovation for cooling
and then hopefully that'll trickle down
to us I don't think it will cuz it's
less about cooling the actual chips at
this point it's more about cooling the
the whole thing right I mean yeah oh the
the fact that heat pumps like people I
man I saw so many articles about heat
pumps over the last six months I'm just
like yeah like who's buying an air
conditioner these days just get get a
heat pump I didn't I thought everybody
knew that but I I don't know apparently
this is like like whoa like uh like like
big news six months ago I don't know I
was I was super confused by it um cuz it
was it's been like kind of common
knowledge here maybe it's just cuz we're
in this like temperate place where
buying anything that's just air
conditioning is like completely
worthless cuz you're going to use it
like 3 weeks out of the year um right
like so we were just like well yeah heat
pump yeah something that can do both cuz
you know we need like we need like two
months of heating and like I don't know
3 weeks of cooling well used to be that
way nowadays our Summers tend to be
hotter but this when we need it we
really need it but we don't really need
it for usually that long um no big HVAC
does want you to know about heat pumps
FR big big big HVAC will install a heat
pump for you tomorrow gladly it looks
almost the same
um all right why don't we oh oh we've
got a couple of things uh we have a
float plane exclusive that is available
for 48 hours over on lmg Clips so it is
it is I guess semi-exclusive check it
out guys uh you can if you are not
subscribed at lg. g/ floatplane you can
watch this float plane exclusive we have
two float plane exclusives every week
which is pretty cool this is Colton gets
a float plane tattoo this one's from a
while back but we've got a lot of other
really great exclusives on the platform
I can show you some of the more recent
ones here we go how do we test materials
at Creator warehouse this one's
apparently doing really really well
Emily and Jonathan react to
DC oh cool we've got all the stuff from
Dan week last week Dan designs and
builds a table Dan Suzuki Cappuccino uh
we
have actually a ridiculous amount of
content like actually a
ridiculous number of exclusive videos on
float plan now the library is huge and
it's worth a subscription to float plane
just to kind of watch some stuff and hey
maybe you don't keep the subscription
forever but go check it out there is
good Lord so much to watch am I even
done yet I'm not even done yet like it
goes on and on and on okay there you go
finally man look it's baby what are some
of these it's baby L is doing flow plane
exclusives wow crazy meet the team
Colton kitching Potter yeah I know right
look it's Baby Jake look at his baby
face
anyway what am I supposed to be talking
about yeah so we've got a preview over
on lmg Clips um and we have two items
remaining from the charity stream just
two the Corsair 6500 X showcase build
and the probably TSA approved regular
prototype screwdriver at
lm. charity leftovers all right Dan uh
wait what are we supposed to be doing
two more topics two more topics Luke
what do you want to talk about I want to
talk about uh I had it picked out
already but I moved the script where did
it go n software update oh yes so I have
to confess I have not looked through the
package yet that's actually kind of fun
I like that cool we have an update and
screenshots from ashtech the company oh
I said that right the company that is
making hexos I mean no one's ever heard
of them before so you are officially the
way prounce it ashte if they say
otherwise they are wrong have decided
this it's a Nas software geared towards
Tech enthusiasts and content creators
current Curr being led by Jonathan
penoso and again if if he doesn't think
that's how you pronounce it this just
how you pronounce it now um and Eric
Schultz with their mission being to
ensure users have complete control over
their data and privacy was actually
spelled wrong in the dock there's two
Zeds
pazo okay that does actually have a way
of being
pronounced okay we're off to a great
start in my defense there was a letter
not there you know you know the amount
of criticism I take over supposedly
favoring the companies I invest in if
this is any
indication decide that someone's last
name is different and also their company
name is just like who
knows anyways
anyways ah um their mission is uh to
ensure that users have complete control
over their data and privacy while
filling a gap that delivers high
performance and ease of use now you want
jump to the photos and I'll keep reading
sure I'll jump to the photos I do not
have access to this
file oh wait no no I do oh that's so
weird when I moused over it hold on this
is so weird check this check this out
check this out okay so I Mouse over it
it goes you do not have access to this
file and then I clicked it and it was
all
there huh I don't know neat different
account a bit yeah yeah it must it must
have oh yeah yeah yeah okay I opened
Drive in a different account that's
definitely not logged on on this
computer don't look at it you know why I
said different account I bet cuz you saw
over my shoulder that it was saw the
profile icon
mhm anyways hexos is based on true nass
scale as we can see on the login screen
which is I'm assuming what we're looking
at now yeah uh which we use here at lmg
TR scale not hexos yet at least um and
then photo two ooh
one downside people have brought up
before is trass can feel a bit more
geared towards CIS admins or people with
more nass knowledge in general which is
why hexos is aiming to help by making
things as simple as possible while still
allowing people to do more manual
configuration if they feel it's needed
um so this is like a wizard type of um
uh setup here so it's like here's our
recommended configuration based on your
avail devices you can totally configure
them manually if you want but this is
the recommended configuration so we've
got an SSD pool uh one tab of usable
storage and it explains in simple
English one drive can fail without data
loss and you know what nice that's okay
because the advanced user doesn't need
you to tell them it's raid one they can
clearly see that I have two 1 tab drives
and one can fail without data loss so
that's raid one good to know hard drive
pool 32 terabytes usable one drive can
fail without data loss we have five
drives we are clearly running raid five
or Raid Z1 sorry to use the uh to use
the traz terminology it lays all of this
out very clearly for me super
cool yeah photo 3 photo 3 hexos will be
supporting applications such as Plex
Home assistant and more with simple
oneclick installs where some Nas
softwares require VMS to be started or
Docker
containers which I'm assuming you can
still
do it just also has oneclick installs
yep which is neat um and this is the
main reason for this
um the main reason for this from from
what's up what's the purple button at
the bottom say it says go to the
dashboard yeah okay okay uh the main
reason for this is that a lot of the
configuration that you need to do for a
Plex install or for a home assistant
install would be the same on
99.9% of systems yeah so essentially all
xos is doing is being
like okay why don't we just like theate
of those things um it's not even just
Nite it's
just it's just um most people when they
set up a Nas they just want to be able
to V via SMB or whatever Apple uses
these days they just want to be able to
access their files on the network
without faffing about with it or play
some video it's it's not because they're
super excited about the home lab
necessarily not necessarily excited
about the results of it yes and so why
don't we just set it up so that it just
works and if you want to Tinker with it
you can you absolutely can so um anyway
okay photo
four here we can see a sneak peek at the
dashboard as as well with pretty basic
information that most people would want
at a quick glance they are still working
on more and I have ashex word that I
will be able to show off a beta version
in a video pretty soon that's exciting
but in the meantime if you're interested
in the project you can head over to
hexos
hos.com to sign up for their newsletter
and there's a note from Elijah that says
I'm building a Nas for my upgrade if
they have a working beta in August I
would be interested in Daily driving it
if the company is ready very cool so um
unique username in float plan says I
hope there's a lot more to this not
terribly impressed to be honest and
that's fine yeah you can totally still
use trz and it'll be awesome go for it
yeah but they're not trying to beat
tress but if I had if I had if I had a
Creator come to us and say like hey I
want to I want to set up a NZ uh this
the IDE idea here is that this will be
sorry this will be simple enough that
I'm not going to be on a call with them
every single month helping them do an
update or helping them set up a user
share or helping them change their
password or
whatever but with the power and
performance of
Tres that's what it is and so if it's
not for you it's not for you I have a
spicy question yeah hit me how are they
monetizing this I don't know
yet hopefully somehow yeah because
they'll need to somehow yeah they got to
make money um I I know they definitely
have some ideas but the last thing that
I'm going to do is like commit them to
something I mean I think you I think
you've had some idea from our
conversations not on the W show of uh
how uh how involved of an investor I am
yes yeah yeah yeah I just I just notic I
like jumped to the website and was like
where's the pricing link and then I was
like there is definitely not one yep
yeah I'm sure they'll figure something
out all right good luck to them yeah my
phone's blowing up hold on it could be
something important one moment please
yep no worries do you want me to do
another topic
um yes Roku makes some smooth moves
permanently enables frame interpolation
for some Roku TV owners on Roku OS 13
claim that action smoothing has turned
on on their devices and there is no way
to turn it
off in the newly released Roku OS 13
Roku TV TVs now offer Roku smart picture
that will optimize the image based on
what content is being watched this is
activated motion smoothing for some
users who never had access to the
feature at all in the past interesting
Roku has told users to use the expert
settings menu in the TV but some users
claim that they don't have the action
smoothing option or access to the expert
settings at all Roku has had a history
of aggravating users with OS updates in
March of 2024 they updated their TOS in
a manner that locked you out of using
their system unless you hit
agree incredibly annoying if you already
bought the device you could decline the
updated TOS by sending a physical letter
to the company that included yeah
they've they've been in the news for
each person op kind of thing a couple
times yikes dude yeah it's pretty
brutal what did they change in the TOs
while they added a clause of for forced
arbitration
yeah these guys are wild yikes oh Roku
uh stop cheap TVs that um hate you yeah
very
cool just rather watching my phone um
anyway the main reason I wanted to talk
about this is it just kind of um I
thought it might might spark a
conversation about products that
materially change after you've purchased
them and how that's not cool big Tech um
in some cases we've had stuff taken away
and then given back like some of the
features that Google removed from their
smart speakers when they were in um when
they were in litigation with Sonos and
then um ultimately put back but some of
once that was resolved uh like that's
not optional you guys and I don't really
understand why um users why Regulators
aren't stepping in to make it clear that
the features you advertise for the
product are not optional yeah that's not
like if I feel like it um the ability to
turn off action smoothing is not
optional if that was in the product when
I bought it yeah or if it didn't even
have that feature there's notes in here
saying that it turned on action
smoothing for TVs that didn't even have
action
smoothing so people couldn't turn it off
because there wasn't in the settings cu
the TV wasn't even supposed to have
it like yikes dude yeah t tack uh
brought up Plex yeah we haven't worked
with Plex um
since wow it's been a while I feel like
2017 no no we've worked with them more
recently than that hold on
uh the last time we worked with Plex was
in 2022 so it was about two years ago it
was mid 2022 and basically I sent an
email to our business team um that
was pretty
much this hold on I'm just going to zoom
it ever no I'm not going to zoom it
askar it whatever okay we don't have to
show it yeah so I sent an email to our
business team that was this and I was
like here's what they need to fix um
here's what I'd like to see fixed and if
we work with them again then they need
to fix this and um we don't work with
them again it's been two years cuz
they're just too busy appealing to their
shareholders by becoming more of a
traditional streaming platform it's like
okay I get it but that isn't what you
sold me yeah and it doesn't seem like
they're moving in a good direction no it
really doesn't seem like it
yeah yeah
um more stuff there's more
things yeah what else you want to talk
about Dan what are we supposed to be
doing oh yeah I want to talk about this
I want to talk about this games games
games the whole topic is just called
games games games multiple game
announcement showcases just wrapped up
and some of them were kind of huge
actually uh the biggest ones include
Sony state of Play Summer game Fest Xbox
showcase which was kind of insane uh and
Ubisoft forward some of the heaviest
hitters revealed are doom the Dark Ages
have you seen
that look sick looks sick it's like
medieval
Doom I have to
confess I have never completed a doom
game do you enjoy starting them at least
I play it yeah I enjoy benchmarking them
but I have the slight crack on
benchmarking them I like Doom games um
this one looks very cool in some of the
stuff I've read about it it says like uh
they wanted to go back so they they had
they had some fun with some of the
modern Doom games tons of bullets lots
of movement stuff like that they wanted
to go back to an older kind of Trope of
Doom where like every bullet matters
it's a little bit slower oo so ammo ammo
is in important again you have a shield
um you have to kind of like play
defensively and Counterattack and things
like that see looks really interesting
um Gears of War eay which I believe is
like a prequel to Gears of War it looks
really cool uh Perfect Dark it's
probably a name you haven't heard in a
little while been a minute um this one I
know you know about cuz you sent it to
me ano uh 117 tax froma nice that looks
great I love the theme love the theme
yeah Roman anos sounds like sick awesome
very excited I hope they don't even
deviate a ton from what they're
currently doing time to build some roads
yeah let's go yeah really um Civ
S I wasn't crazy into Civ 6 here's my
question yes do we need another Civ game
until it's been another couple thousand
years and there's some new civilizations
you know like okay okay it just hold on
it just no it feels a little bit to me
like Civilization has gone down the EA
Sports path where it's except there's no
roster change no I don't agree okay
that's not that's not not true that's
not true they add game they change the
gameplay every time they actually change
it quite a bit I I um I just feel a
little bit like I've seen enough
Innovation on Civ and I don't I don't
need another Civ I'm sorry I I think
that's fair I play every Civ and have
enjoyed every Civ Civ 6 has probably had
the least incremental enjoyment out of
any of the ones that have come out for
me personally um so I'm not like super
hyped like I have been every time a Civ
game has come out for Civ 7 but I would
be very happily proven wrong and I'm
very ready to probably enjoy it and I
will almost certainly play it because I
have always really liked Civ games um
so6 is theme song slaps they all slap
Baba yetu is like one of the best game
songs ever uh anyways Dragon Age The
Veil
guard really really really really
enjoyed Original Dragon Age and have
never looked back uh personally but it
is what it is and many many many many
many many many many more the Xbox game
showcase was wild to watch because if I
remember correctly every single game
that was announced was also announced
that it was going to be launched full
feature on Game Pass day one which is
like pretty wild
um to me it sounds like a horrible step
to a dark future to a lot of other
people they're like Yay free games it is
what it is um and there was other
preview trailers for things like Star
Wars Outlaws and stalker 2 heart of
Chernobyl which I'm really excited for
uh but yeah which are either of you most
excited about and if it's not stalker 2
why not yeah I'm really excited I didn't
play stalker
good game it was during the busy times
of my life I was at NC at that time um
and I was like building a career and I
did game but I
played left for dead and Team Fortress
too based games I was I was one I was
one of those I out of these what am I
most excited
for man I was like yeah I was like just
starting my career when stalker came
out it's going to either be stalker 2 or
no17 I
think this is going to be
surprising actually kind of stoked for
Dragon Age really I have you watched the
trailer I haven't oh is it bad that's a
shame a lot of people think it's good I
think it's bad I I loved Origins the
like watered down barely even DND D
Dragon Age that's not even not the first
one oh oh I'm sad
yeah I I I have had a hard time getting
into Origins wait hold on yeah Dragon
Age Origins I thought that was the first
one I don't know is it I thought Origins
was like actually super good yeah was I
don't know I thought it was good yeah
that was just the first one though sure
I don't know yeah that one's great
whatever I anyway what I loved about
what I what I loved about it was that it
wasn't super hardcore um Origins was
I mean look the only experience I had up
to that point are you sure you're
talking about Origins was I you talking
about Inquisition or
something no okay yeah this isn't a
controversial opinion everyone liked
Origins everyone univers liked it's a
yeah are you sure Origins is like yeah
people like Origins I don't know I
thought I thought people didn't like it
cuz look look the only experience that I
had with d and d style games before that
was I tried to play Never winter nights
2 and I was like what the [__] is this
and I got confused and I like gave up
and then I and then I played Dragon Age
Origins thinking that like yeah I
probably wouldn't get into it but I
super got into it and it was awesome um
and it didn't it didn't seem that
hardcore and I I I saw a lot of
criticism of it at the time so I wonder
if this is one of those things where our
memories are are just kind of uh like we
don't we look back and we're like oh
yeah that was great but then we forget
that the people who remember Dragon Age
Origins are the ones who thought it was
great and all the people who were like
watered down I mean Gog has it rated 4.6
out of five steam has it rated 9 out of
10 um Google users have it rated
95% um okay I mean yeah like I said I
thought great this is apparently Dragon
Age 1 I loved Origins okay yeah uh where
do I find on web uh where do I find my
uh oh here we go yeah games just because
you apparently
don't think that I can remember what
games I've played um well no you said it
was controversial to like Origins
it no no hold on a second you're the one
that said it was controversial that's
why I'm wondering which one you thought
was I'm just going to I'm just going to
check a thing and you know see if maybe
I yeah see Ian xmus this is this is
exactly what I remember maybe I can't
remember you said it was controversial
it wasal
played I remember what games I play Luke
xith said Dragon Age Origins was great
the sequels got progressively worse
that's exactly what I remember as well I
everyone liked Origins and then it went
downhill from there okay I didn't play
any of the sequels and this looks like a
the from the trailer which means next to
nothing so don't take this as
anything this next one looks like a
progression down the path that they've
been going down I apparently I
apparently didn't care at all about
Awakening yeah see like that sounds
about right
okay but I think no that was an
expansion pack for Dragon Age Origins
but was I thought that was two no it's
Origins 2 Inquisition and then whatever
I just uh not line it's you the dummy
what are you talking about I know what I
I all I'm saying is I know what game I
played yeah he's right about the game
that he played and he liked it CU it was
good so that makes sense okay well
anyway I didn't look at the I didn't
look at the trailer for Dragon Age
whatever we're talking about um look at
the Gameplay trailer go look at the
gameplay not the trailer okay I have not
seen the gameplay I've just saw the
trailer and the trailer was not
interesting ano has a bit of a pattern
where every other one is good and every
other one is bad so yeah I don't know it
might be great Rome is a great setting
for ano F but I have no idea um if it'll
actually be good I've got some hope
because all of the expansions were
really strong they like actually were
for 1800 so 1800 was a sick game still
is and yes New Ano means no more DLC I
mean they did so much more DLC than they
committed they kept building like super
awesome DLC for that game I don't think
you can complain about there not being
enough DLC yeah n 1800 was a super well
supported game and the DLC had value oh
yeah like they'd launch a DLC pack and
there would be a ton to do like it was
actually an expansion which was really
cool honestly thought ano and Civ were
the same rip no they are very different
they're quite different yeah like turn
based versus not turn-based why not keep
playing 1800 you can that's fine oh yeah
you totally can that's great thing about
it because Rome is such a good setting
we're hoping that yeah 117 is yeah it'll
just be like it'll be fresh you know
yeah fresh fresh is good fresh is
good all right what are we looking at oh
we should do sponsors we should have
done them a long time ago Dan I blame
Dan the show is brought to you by
MSI does your PC look like you just
picked it up from a scrapyard our
sponsor MSI is here to make your next PC
shine uh their Meg Pano 100l pz case has
a 270 panoramic tempered glass window
providing a great view of your setup and
if this look is too fire for you you can
cool it down with a 360 mm Radiator on
the top side and bottom it also fits up
to 10 120 mm system fans it's compatible
with both ATX and microatx back connect
motherboards and for fast data transfers
it also syncs with MSI motherboards via
a 20 GB per second USB type-c port
uh I mean or other motherboards but hey
you know uh cleaning is simple with the
removable dust filters plus the uni
front panel cable makes DIY builds
easier and offers lots of customization
check out the MSI mag Pano 100 lpz at
the link in the video description the
show was also brought to you by
grammarly here at Linus Media Group the
business team has to juggle a mountain
of emails and messages that that is
where grammarly comes in they're an AI
writing partner that works where you
work and upgrading to grammarly premium
has been a game changer it saves them
heaps of time with great features like
tone suggestions so now we can tell
Linus to stop dropping things again
without sounding like total
jerks plus with the premium app actions
feature they can now link Google Drive
links create tasks on monday.com or
insert gifs into their emails in one
place without switching Tabs Plus
grammarly premium gives you 1,000
prompts a month so sign up and upgrade
to grammarly Premium at gram.com
w06 show is also brought to you by
vessie are you traveling somewhere with
unpredictable Thunder sh where what even
is
this um our sponsor vessie I was even
looking out that's amazing offer shoes
that are not only very water that they
say are very waterproof um but are also
stylish Dennis packed three pairs with
him for his Thailand and Taiwan trip
last month and because they're so comfy
Dennis's dad borrowed a pair from him
that's awesome and refused to return
them being waterproof doesn't mean your
feet need to suffocate either thanks to
their diatex technology V's shoes are
breathable light and stretchy and their
storm burst line is great for slippery
sidewalks and mossy logs on Trails since
they have extra traction and now you can
get the storm burst in a low toop rain
or shine here or there it's always a
great occasion to wear a pair of vessis
so go to vessie Doc /ow to get 15% off
your first
purchase all right well that was fun uh
yeah hit us with some merge messages Dan
sure um hello w. dll aside from comex
what are some of your favorite things
you saw did or ate in Taiwan also any
news on when beanies will be back in
stock I love soup dumplings oh agreed I
think we're working on beanies but I bow
no idea you know what
overrated dude every time I go to the
restaurant that everyone recommends I'm
like eh it's fine and it was fine yeah
it was good Ivon liked their soup
dumplings better but honestly one of the
places that Dennis recommended that was
super close to our hotel I liked the
soup dumplings better they were there
was there was a place that Dennis
recommended that there's a photo of you
jonno and I sitting there eating
dumplings from like I don't know 2019 or
something or something yeah yeah that
place was killer don't remember where it
was nice but it was awesome I don't know
yeah yeah no soup dumplings man I love
soup dumplings uh I I ended up at a
really um unusual dinner so I play
badminton over there and I have like I
have like kind of like badminton friends
in Taiwan now cuz I'm just like that
white guy that comes here once a year
and is like decent or something so like
they know they recognize me every time I
love that I love that they don't like
know you from YouTube yeah no no no
you're like random white badminton dude
yeah some of them know now sure but
after the fact but no I was I was so
cool I was 100% random white badminton
guy yeah that's like
awesome fully embraced you before they
knew the YouTube stuff which is awesome
very like oh they're so brand for the
Taiwanese people so friendly um anyway
so on the subject of being like
ridiculously friendly having only played
with these guys a couple of times over
the last 3 years um they were like oh
your wife is coming this time well we'd
love to take you out for dinner after
badminton on on this night and so we
went to like a super authentic hole in-
the wall with our like badminton friends
who like speak English like you know
kind of you know about like you know
you'd expect and um and the food was
great uh we just we had like like pork
rice and just like I actually I'm going
to be honest with you I don't know what
half of it was sure that's a common
occur but it was great so you asked me
like what the food was that was good and
I'm like I don't know whatever was on
those
plates that's fair pretty all right I'm
trying to find right now there's a
there's a place that I stayed with Emma
um that was like crazy cool I'm trying
to figure out how I would be able to
share it with the stream
um and I'm having a hard time doing that
cuz it's all like Chinese characters so
like I don't really know how to share
that but um I I stay there with Emma you
show up at 2 p.m. on one day you leave
at 2 p.m. the next day I wouldn't call
it an Airbnb because you like do stuff
like the the host is hosting not like oh
here's a key and then bailing out but
you stay on a farm um with Native with a
like a native Taiwanese tribe it's a
it's a it's a son and mom that run this
thing there's two different groups that
can stay there at a time when you show
up one of the first things that you do
is you go cut down
bamboo and then you like cut the like
side branches off whatever haul it back
cut it into sections because when you
look at bamboo the Rings are solid
through so you you cut it right before
the next ring so you have one side
that's solid one side that's open you
stuff rice inside of there cap it off
with cabbage and water and then cook it
and you make your own rice in these like
bamboo things um so you kind of prep
your food pretty quickly you do a like
art project where you're you're uh
taking like wood burning uh irons and
and burning into wood like whatever you
want um you go up into the mountains and
pick tea that you're going to drink
later because the native tribe Farms
oolong tea so you get to pick tea you
get to like be up the mountain
no well actually yes
short and destroyed I didn't see that
coming at all he never does he's too
tall sneak up on him bite his ankles I
actually do have a bag of it for you too
but anyways um it was it was amazing the
the next day um you you take some more
of that rice that you made and they have
a stump that they've hollowed a bowl out
on it and they have a huge club and you
put some of the rice in the stump and
you bash it with this big Club you'll
take turns doing it and I had no idea
Mochi was just rice that had been like
beaten really hard that's what Mochi is
cool I guess I don't know so you make
your own Mochi and then they have honey
from the farm that they pour on this
Mochi that you just made like you you
get a stick roll it around it so you
have a little bit of stick on the stick
pour honey on it and then roll it around
in crushed peanuts and you have honey
crushed peanut Mochi it's so good
it's so good it was amazing anyways this
place you can find it you might have
some trouble someone said apparently a
season of Amazing Race featured this
Village Insomniac and float plane chat
said that oh this is like a house it's
not oh okay yeah all righty then
um The Village there is a village but
this particular thing is a house I
remember you telling me that the first
thing they told you was like how did you
find us yeah so yeah so I show up and
it's like beautiful day you're way up
the mountain so you get this Effect
called the sea of clouds where the
clouds are slightly below where you're
at it looks really cool I have some
really cool timelapse footage I took on
my phone um and he's he's like serving
us this like freshly Picked Oolong
tea really cool Vibes and stuff and he's
he's cheerily kind of trying to converse
with us through Google translate or
whatever and then he gets a fairly
serious voice and is like how did you
find this um because I'm assuming we're
like the first white people they've
really had I don't know that's just my
guess um and and I I explained to him
that like I we had some change of plans
because of the earthquake that happened
in Taiwan a lot of the things that I
wanted to do were closed um so we
decided to go into alishan which is like
te country um and I was just looking
around on Google Maps which is something
that I like to do instead of looking on
like Trip Advisor I'll just look on
Google Maps and just click on things
that are kind of in the middle of
nowhere to see what's going on
um and I found this place and the the
pictures on Google Maps are like in
insane they're so cool and then they
have an Instagram and you have to go to
their Instagram to get their line
contact and you have to talk to them
online to book an appointment when he
says online he doesn't mean online like
on the internet he means line messenger
yeah yeah so I didn't even have line
before so I oh man dude got it dude I I
am I am a popular boy
online because of the badmington stuff
yeah I uh check check this out check
this out this is my uh this is my
badminton address book give a second I
never launched this app so it's uh takes
a
second basically like who and they all
have the the shuttles the shuttle
emojis that's pretty great anyways if
you can try to find it it's a 605 Taiwan
chii County alishan Township and then
the name is like 11 like the number 11
and then some stuff that I can't say
nice here
sure yeah that good luck no idea what
that means all right have fun y if you
can find it say I sent you what else we
got for this
week uh TI it to the
judge what oh wait are we supposed to be
your merch messages mer mess that was
one oh
oh
nice hey dlll uh it it feels like back
in the day when a game didn't run great
they would blame their own Hardware
while these days it feels like people
only blame the game developer what
changed
um okay so a couple a lot of things
changed uh one of the things that
changed is that the hardware was moving
really really fast uh it was more
affordable in some ways like a full
platform actually cost about as much as
it does today I mean probably more than
it does today if you account for
inflation um like you go back and you
look at like a London Drugs cataly log
from you know 1998 it's like oh yeah
computers were really expensive um you
buy a computer today like you can buy a
tricked out system for what a dang it
Luke for what a computer would have cost
back then yeah like an average mid to
low range laptop was like three grand
yeah like computers are actually like
pretty cheap today yeah um but what has
changed today is that the upgrade cycle
is a lot slower now actually like you
expect your computer from 5 years ago to
like run a new game because that's how
things work um developers are not uh
necessarily targeting you know the next
thing that's coming with their games um
because they don't really need to like
games can look really really great and
still Target Hardware from 5 years ago
so when something comes out that really
pushes your Hardware um I think that
it's a little bit jarring especially
when a lot of the time uh what's what
happened for especially like the PS3
Xbox 360 era was that the only reason it
wouldn't run well on your PC was that
the port was really badly done and and
by badly I mean like it was really hard
to Port games across those three very
different platforms so there's there's a
lot of things that have sort of
contributed to uh people's expectations
changing it used to be that a game
wouldn't run well in your system because
you didn't upgrade your system like like
you know you weren't direct X compliant
like things were moving so flipping fast
and then for a long time the only reason
something wouldn't run on your PC was
cuz the game developer didn't optimize
the port correctly nowadays I would say
it's not really either of those things
and it's probably just kind of somewhere
somewhere in between um or it's it's
sometimes one sometimes the other but
that's I I I think that's probably where
our attitude shifted if I had to guess
yeah yeah sounds good sounds right all
right thanks I don't have anything to
add really there's like I mean there's
the it used to be kind of fun and also
normal that people would do really small
incremental updates you'd have
conversations with people about how they
bought a CPU or uh a couple more sticks
of Ram or something and those were you I
would more often have those
conversations in someone buying a new
computer and now it's completely flipped
I very rarely hear of anyone
upgrading individual components I almost
exclusively hear people buying a new
computer and often way down the line
four years five years often um and we
had this discussion earlier in the show
there's been a little bit of developer
laziness and before people freak out I
think it's been fairly reasonable
developer laziness they don't have to do
the things that they used to have to do
um the constraints aren't there anymore
so why bother waste a huge amount of
Cycles on trying to make these little
efficiency improvements when you don't
need to there's almost no reason to do
so um a lot of games art styles these
days aren't even that hard to push so
who cares um it's fun and interesting
when when companies do it but it's like
n it's probably okay that's kind of a
cool idea stay the path says I'm on a
three-year upgrade cycle GPU motherboard
CPU Ram monitor
repeat that actually hold on that's a
long time to not upgrade your GPU 9
years no that doesn't seem quite right
unless you mean you do it every year
that oh that's a that's really often to
upgrade your monitor though mind you
monitor's been moving really fast okay
maybe maybe it's May maybe if you're
doing one of those things a year and
like a threeyear rotation maybe that's
all
right or you could just do it whenever
things are too slow and that would be
fine too or when it feels right but for
budgeting purposes I can see how someone
might like to have things schedu like a
business you know yeah yeah yeah um what
oh yeah so uh tile it to the judge life
360 hacked Life 360 the parent company
of tile announced this week that it had
received emails from a hacker who
claimed to possess tile customer data
after investigating the company found
that someone had gained unauthorized
access to a tile customer support
platform 404 media interviewed the
hacker who claimed they had gained
access to multiple internal tools and
this is great including the one that
processes location data requests for law
enforce yeah he's reading ahead for law
enforce ment the hacker sent 404 media
all the data they scraped including
names physical addresses email addresses
and phone numbers which the outlet was
able to verify by trying to create tile
accounts using some of the emails as
well as using some emails to contact
affected users when Tyle was contacted
by 404 media the company suggested it
was not aware of what data had been
taken until 404 media shared data
samples for verification after which
Life 360 updated their announcement so
this is pretty
bad discussion question how worried
should consumers be about the current
state of data security terrified
fairy all right I don't even know what
else to say we've been talking about
this on W show forever everything is
like you should treat everything as
compromised basically our next topic way
more trouble than it's worth second
recall for robo taxis weo has issued a
voluntary recall of its mapping software
after one of its driverless Vehicles hit
a telephone pole while trying to pick up
a passenger last month no one was hurt
but weo said the issue was that its
software assigned a low damage score to
telephone
pools were they playing GTA
or research by wayo suggests their
driverless cars are safer than human
drivers being 6. s times less likely to
be in a crash having said that there are
far fewer autonomous there is far less
autonomous driving data compared to
human driving data and uh not all human
driving data is is equal there's a lot
of different circumstances and the way
that you sample it does significantly
impact um the the the assessment um
there there were some there were some
there were some stands extremely upset
about us talking about how Tesla's full
self-driving on Hardware platform 3.0 is
effectively a lie um because they were
extremely
upset because they stands um that was in
our ai's live video where we basically
like yeah it's got what like 150 tops or
something like that Hardware 3.0 and
it's one of those things where um yeah
it's it's really cool technology and
it's like it's it's super cool but what
it isn't is ever going to be capable of
fully autonomous operation um and whmo
even though it I I actually don't know
exact what Hardware they're using but it
might be of a similar caliber uh but the
difference is that weo has a sensor
array that is vastly different than what
Tesla's doing where they've essentially
committed to just trying to do
everything with cameras I think have
they backed have they have they gone
back on that are they back to putting
lar in the vehicles I know they
definitely have vehicles I don't think
so that
uh I know they have vehicles that are
all cameras now apparently it's still
all cameras that's such a yikes and so
for for to see stands in the comments
there being like Lis has no idea what
he's talking about it's look how good it
is now it's definitely coming guys
that's yeah it could get twice as good
as it is today and it would still not be
able to handle edge cases and it would
still it's still not going to be a fully
autonomous vehicle it may be able to
operate autonomously under certain ideal
conditions but that's not what you were
sold and that was my whole point I found
an article from The Verge from May 7th
saying that Tesla bought over $2 million
worth of lar sensors from luminar this
year okay so are they back to lar now
well they're not in cars as far as my
understanding goes but maybe they'll put
them in the semis or something I'm not
sure maybe the semi could be like
actually autonomous that's that's
something that's really interesting to
me is um something that I I just kind of
couldn't wrap my brain around and then
never thought about again
was one of the
challenges of these vehicles is that
because they are because all of their
sensors are integrated in a way that is
visually pleasing they can't see for
[__] right like they they have only a
human a human level of of a like um a
human's point of view whereas something
like a semi oh
yeah effectively like cuz you look at
some of the like that episode of Silicon
Valley where where he rides in that
driverless vehicle that has like the
giant like sensor array on it um
something like that always made a little
bit more sense to me because I couldn't
figure out how from a driver's
perspective you could possibly hope to
have enough situational
awareness to have a computer operate
this thing whereas on the semis I could
actually see them having enough
awareness of their surroundings that it
could make a material difference just
being up
higher just on the front though no it
could be I don't think they' attach
things to whatever they're kind of be
out and back yeah okay that' give you a
pretty darn good view and then you know
you'll still have the classic blind spot
they'll still have that blind spot but
like realistically then put a sign on
the back of the semi that says if you
can't see my mirrors I can't see you and
your mirror is a camera like I I don't I
don't see the difference there oh no I'm
not saying it's like worse or anything
just yeah
sorry semi you guys want me to call it a
semi we call them both we don't care
Canadians are like that ZZ who gives a
sh what do you say semi semi yeah
whatever yeah I know I've heard both I
don't know sorry America we use metric
and Imperial Lori all right you know
what let's do it they're lories to me
from now on good old Lori yeah oh man
anyway St get over it
um what else we got
deep cool coolers are now illegal in the
US what yeah the US Department of the
treasury sanctioned 16 Chinese companies
including deep cool for supplying Goods
to Russia deep cool allegedly sold over
$1 million worth of goods to two Russian
companies I hope it was worth it for a
million dollars yeah uh one appears to
be a small logistics company the other
company sells computers
um yeah whoops well way to go deep cool
what's crazy about this is by the letter
of the law if you have stock of deep
cool coolers right now and you sell them
you're like breaking the law why what
does that mean I don't know if you're
newegg.com and you sell a deep cool cool
even though you like bought I thought
you meant stocks like stock market
stocks no no no no no if you have if you
have coolers in stock yeah so that that
kind of
blows
um that is rough yeah yeah brutal sorry
Newegg and other computer sellers um
it's one banana Linus uh plasmor says
I'm not a Tesla stand but when folks say
GH no liar I often challenge them to
describe in technical detail why it's
required uh because cameras are subject
to very very very Distortion from small
amounts of element that is very very
common water
there you go there's your very technical
um explanation of why liar is necessary
as a backup to cameras and why cameras
are not enough on their own um which
everyone knew um back then and still
knows
now I think I think the wisdom that I've
heard is that the like if you're 100%
relying on light Arts it's bad yes but
then if you're 100% relying on cameras
it's bad bad yeah yeah yeah so just do
both yeah yeah yeah obviously it costs
more but it is what it is yeah it costs
more but if you actually in good faith
ever intended to deliver a fully
autonomous vehicle then you better make
the investment yeah uh it's there's a
game the second highest player count on
Steam this game has uh it's it's called
banana oh God I saw this when I was um
when I I was just like walking somewhere
today and I was reading this and it was
one of those articles where
like when I was by the end of it I
realized that my mouth was open I just
couldn't believe it sorry sorry go on go
on uh it's a game where you click a JPEG
of a banana it's a copy of a game called
egg uh and that's not me saying it's a
copy of that game one of the devs just
admitted it in an interview with polygon
uh but the more you click the picture of
this banana the higher the chance you'll
earn a banana skin
I think we would prefer it was called
peel but anyways uh you can sell these
banana skins on steam's Marketplace most
of the Skins sell for cents but rarer
ones are worth a lot more according to
polygon once actually sold
really one skin sold it's got to be
Market
manipulation for
$1,378
58 it turns out that many of the players
aren't real as people are using Bots and
fake accounts to try to get rare drops
I'm sure people are just using Auto
clickers as well stuff like that
wow wow what does it say about society
that thousands of people are clicking on
a banana to try to make a
buck I suspect for the average person
they'll pay more on electricity trying
to do this than they'll actually make um
yeah we don't have to discuss it any
further I just thought it was funny I
think it's just like a worst version of
cookie clicker I feel like Cookie
Clicker is just happening again but this
time it's a banana and there's no other
mechanics in the game but it's also real
money in other news as part of the
starfields Creations update Bethesda
added trackers Alliance missions to the
game the first of several so
particularly mad about this but I'll
wait to explain why the first of several
missions enabling you to live your best
bounty hunting life this that's a quote
the first mission is free the first
one's always free but the second mission
costs 700 creation credits that's
equivalent to $7 except you have to buy
at least a, creation credits to be able
to afford it in addition the quest seems
to take about 15 minutes based on the
length of a full gameplay walkthrough
from YouTuber sad
pickle some people seem to be arguing
this isn't that big of a deal because
speedrunners are able to beat balers
Gate 3 10 minutes or less okay's no J
that's a joke it's calm down there's no
way that's not a joke Luke Luke I'm so
mad the reason why hold on hold on look
into my
eyes settle down this game broke my soul
Luke settle down I'm so mad Luke you're
still mad Luke settle down he's
twitching his face is
twitching when I first sat down to play
Starfield I decided to look into nothing
nothing this is how I like playing
Bethesda games I like to just explore
the world as broken as it is and which
sometimes is kind of fun yep yep that's
fine it's okay yep remember the like
eyeballs yeah it wasn't fun in Starfield
yeah okay one of the first things I
tried to do when I was really excited
about it was I found the trackers
Alliance I was like oh sick there's a
bounty hunting faction that is so cool I
remember you telling me this yeah
because I was like okay in in you know
in in Elder Scrolls we have like the
Thieves Guild The Fighter Guild the
Mages Guild whatever so I was like okay
there's going to be that cuz it's a
Bethesda game and the one of the first
things I found was The Trackers Alliance
and I was so excited because I was like
cool bounty hunting Mission storyline
eventually end up being the like Kingpin
of the Bounty Hunter guys this is going
to be great this is going to be super
fun it wasn't a faction it was a mission
board that there was no reason at all
for you to interact with it gave you
very little credit credits the missions
were incredibly shallow and boring it
would just like pick a random
unimportant NPC as far as I can tell
what would happen it was it was just
like pick or generate a random
unimportant NPC in the middle of
absolutely nowhere 99% of the time you
would warp there land bang it's an
incredibly easy game so you just kill
them easily every single time get back
on your ship warp back hello I got a
very incredibly small amount of money
nice so disappointing they add the
missions to the game finally I'm sitting
here thinking okay they've sort of
figured it out with Fallout 76 it feels
like I'm not going to jump into it but
some people are actually having fun many
years later so that's cool maybe they'll
do a cyberpunk with Starfield right and
I'm hearing about the new update that's
coming out there's a new expansion
coming out all this kind of stuff you
know maybe they'll figure it out maybe
they'll figure it out and then this
drops and I'm not even going to update
the game let alone launch it nice go
yourself
nice Japan passes a dma like law um and
I don't mean direct memory access I mean
uh digital markets act uh so this is
similar to the eu's um digital markets
act law um so it labels designated
providers um it labels it requires
companies labeled designated providers
to abide by certain rules like the dma
Google and apple have been named
designated providers and under the law
they will be required to allow
thirdparty app stores allow app
developers to offer thirdparty billing
services and other requirements there
are exceptions for privacy and security
according to the verge providers not
following the rules can be fined up to
20% of the domestic Revenue specific to
the infringing service increasing to 30%
for repeat offenses basically taking all
the money that they make from these
infringing Services pretty cool a
discussion question aside from fortnite
coming back to iOS and Japan next year
what do you think are are the biggest
benefits of this law I mean I think the
biggest benefit is just that this is
putting more pressure on Apple and
Google to behave nicely kind of like I
talked about with where Apple's attitude
is clearly changing to be less customer
antagonistic and more okay if that's
what you want then we should probably do
that because you're not just locked into
our ecosystem we actually like have to
earn this again yeah this is a good
thing love it it's a very good thing you
should like competition regardless of
whether you liked
uh the iPhone exactly the way it was or
whether you want other people to also
like it um because it will just get
better it's a good good thing yeah um
the Raspberry Pi speaking of good things
this doesn't seem as good Raspberry Pi
has gone public in an interview shortly
after the 2012 launch the pi inventor
eban Upton said they're designed to be
cheap enough that a child can buy one
with their pocket money however in
recent years it's become next to
impossible to buy a Raspberry Pi at
retail price with most C being reserved
for business
customers with this IPO Raspberry Pi
limited the hardware manufacturer will
no longer be a subsidiary of the
nonprofit Raspberry Pi Foundation the it
says charity but I think it's more of a
not for-profit don't quotee me on that
um the foundation owned more than 70% of
shares before the IPO and will
reportedly sell up to 10% of its holding
shares have climbed to
$4.20 nice after Tuesday's IPO at $2 80
and I mean pounds sorry not dollars
these are GBP the response of the
community has been generally negative
calling the move perhaps the end of
Raspberry Pi as we know it and the
beginning of the end with one reditor
declaring let the in ification begin
sounds about already been happening
though I mean it's already basically
been happening it's been clear that
they're they've lost their way for some
time at this point uh which kind of
sucks cuz like it seems like they could
have just you know still been really
profitable and done reallyy
I mean my okay my one the one thing that
I could hope for is that by raising this
cash they able to invest in more
manufacturing which would be good
because then maybe we could actually
bloody well buy one at MSRP that's
that's my hope that's my hope yeah um
Oliver Bryant says terrible news no way
we can ever stop this from happening
can't trust
anyone yeah yeah money kind of ruins
everything
yeah like I I'd like to say that like
it'll be fine but I don't have a lot of
speaking of money how about this message
from our sponsor no in all seriousness
Dan why is the Savage jerky on the table
are we allowed to eat it I think it just
gets left I don't know oh okay business
hello um well I'm going to try barbecue
Bandit and I have no idea if there's
supposed to be a lower third for it so
why don't we call out the regular
sponsor that we're definitely supposed
to talk about secret lab hey look my
chair is secret lab um and then I'm just
going to like eat some jerky because I'm
hungry um anywh who uh Dan I think it's
time for after dark sure yeah absolutely
cool let's do it I uh I had Conrad
change the banner to after dark button
color so I stop pushing it it happened
twice and that was too many
times there we
go one of these days after dark should
have flying toasters as the icon
some people will get it Conrad don't
listen yeah there's lots of work to do
oh he's already done
it no no no no no okay uh let's see what
do we got here hey D what goes into the
decision to discontinue items is is it
there're no longer selling well or are
there potentially other factors like
potential revamps for example sweatsh
shorts RGB sweaters or
flannels there you go
it's just a screen saver that came with
it yeah yeah yeah um sorry I completely
wasn't listening because I was Googling
after dark why do we discontinue items
what's what's what leads to that
decision okay yeah um sometimes it's
like if it's not selling anymore or if
the supplier that we were working with
is we are no longer able to work with
them for some reason or another you
might be able to guess
um yeah well there's lots there's lots
of different reasons a lot of them they
wouldn't guess yeah um so sometimes we
we have something new coming that we
think kind of um makes the old one not
necessary anymore there's there's a lot
of different
reasons do you have any updates
regarding the backpack you gave to the
minor
no I don't know that we
will yeah hello D I suspect it will end
up similarly to the first
one eviscerated yeah uh hello D I love
using my airpods primarily because of
its spatial audio for movies and TV how
important is 3D audio such as Dolby
Atmos for you and do you think it's
being implemented well in
Mobile um I got to confess it's not the
most important thing to
me ANC is probably closer to up
there ANC is super important having
having a really strong Center channel is
really important to me um I sometimes
struggle to hear dialogue over the
score and um I find that for me not like
when I miss something it distracts me
for an extended period of time me too I
often just have to go back yeah um and
so yeah having a really strong Center
channel is really great for me I I I
personally find that most movies too
like even ones that are like best
enjoyed on D be at oh
God I can multitask
I ke it even ones that are best enjoyed
on umby Atmos I love the I it we'll have
at most a handful of scenes where like a
helicopter goes over and you're like
whoa that was cool where you can tell
they just like they put it in just you
know so that it's there yeah like it's
not really that integral like if you if
you told me that for the rest of my life
I could only have at most a 3.1 setup
I'd be like
okay right
um like it's not bad obviously if I was
building a dedicated home theater room I
would I would put lots of channels in it
but yeah know I I I just it's not that
big of a deal to me
personally I'm a high school student
that has been programming as both a
hobby and career do you have any advice
on what languages or Technologies or
even soft skills I should learn for a
career in webdev after college work on
your people skills I'm actually serious
yeah learn to present learn to
sell sales is is if you can sell you can
you can kind of parlay that skill into
success in any field and when I say sell
I don't mean sell like a widget I mean I
mean sell sell yourself sell your ideas
learn to pitch learn learn to pitch
ideas it's so important because you can
make your own career path that day like
unless you're at an enormous company
there is there is room to to talk to
people and and to negotiate on just
about anything and if you have a really
great idea and you can sell it then you
can end up working on stuff you want to
work on not every day every career has
has some slog in it but you can end up
working on things you're passionate
about and excited about a lot more often
um so yeah work on that cuz sometimes
you also have to understand that you're
not you might be selling through the
person that you're quote unquote selling
to like the the person might even buy
your idea really quick but then they
need enough ammo to sell it to the
customer or to sell it further on in the
company so you need to give them enough
to make their job easy so that they
actually want to do it it because it
might not be their job really their job
is managing you and if if you want to do
this new thing you need to give them
enough ammo that they're going to be
able to fight for it easily so they
actually want to do that um yeah I agree
with all of that it sounds like you're
you're already flexing your actual
development skills well enough um but
the people skills thing will help a lot
because it's actually pretty hard to get
managers in the development space so
there's a surprisingly easy career path
there because
there's and you have to know the
development because you have to be able
to speak the language and I mean that
figuratively and literally right like
you have to be able to communicate
between the normies that make business
decisions and the developers that do the
work right um and a lot of the time
those people have absolutely no Common
Ground no hope of of of interacting with
each other in a productive way um um so
it's a really
cool it's a really cool place to be like
I mean okay even for me I'm relatively
technical but I don't know development
so if I was to try to work on a project
like um you know let's say I wanted to
do the Badminton Center thing with the
Machine Vision
scorekeeping how would I have any idea
if someone's just completely
bullshitting me on their resume if
someone told told me this takes a year
I'd be like okay right and and think
about that even if you scaled way up
right in an enormous organization you
need people who can call developers on
their [__] right no that doesn't take a
year stop playing banana clicker and get
to work this should be deliverable in
two weeks you know or or whatever it is
right and so that's a really valuable
skill and I mean yeah you're not
actually like doing the work and you
know middle management sucks or whatever
but it has a value in that it reduces
waste you might also be able to find a
position um where you do kind of like
half and half you still do actual like
you're you're actually still submitting
code but you're also managing people
it's not always but it's you can find
it I'm a tech for a large OEM regularly
let into server rooms with no ID
verification and left alone for hours
have you ever had anyone try to access
sensitive areas by social engineering
employees physically I don't think
so I don't think so I've caught us
having some pretty notable
vulnerabilities there and we're working
on it but I don't think it's ever
actually
happened which isn't an invitation no
we'll catch you they all
actually sort of
but for a different reason I don't want
to go into the details oh and it was
absolutely caught by uh Alex D he did a
great job I think it was him I heard
through great fine of of what happened
um I know it was he was involved I don't
know if it was actually him that that
did it but yeah someone noticed
something was fishy and stopped it
person was not allowed in the building
nice yeah it was good nice yeah we're
still a small enough company that like
people legitimately will mostly
recognize everyone who works it wasn't
just they not recognize it was like they
they sniffed it out was sus yeah it was
good good job I I this is all I heard it
third party I don't know but the
information that I heard third party was
very good great great job
done getting my almost 9-year-old son a
PC any tips on setting up a PC for
kid-friendly use or controlling the
environment a little more steam family
sharing is a good start but any other
kid gamer tips Windows does technically
have management tools they kind of suck
um other than that other than setting
that up um steam family sharing yep
steam family sharing super good um
there's no substitute for supervision so
just making sure you're kind of on top
of that that's about all you can really
do hi W.D I'm using my steam deck to
beat some Nest games that I never could
as a kid
nice you've talked about your favorite
SN or Genesis games but what's your
favorite Nest game I didn't have a Ness
me neither um my friend did yeah my
friend yeah Axel if you're out there
thanks for letting me use your nest Adam
if you're out there thanks for letting
me use your nest they both start with a
so I don't know what's up with that but
nothing I mean it's a one in 26 chance
it's also a pretty common one I yeah
it's way less than one in 12 than like X
or something yeah exactly what are you
even talking about I don't know
but yeah I don't know I I gu yeah duck
hunt I don't know I enjoyed it he only
had like three games had like do hunt
Super Mario Bros and Blade Blades of
steel or whatever the like I I I could
still I can still hear it in my mind I
can't say it in that low Fidelity yeah I
think it's blaz the Ste like yeah it was
so
bad that was probably pretty good
actually oh
man next up yes uh this week my dad got
a topspec MacBook Pro to browse on
nearly
$3,200 I've since got him to return it
for a base model air have you ever had
someone unnecessarily get the
top-of-the-line
product Oh that's interesting that's got
to happen in the automotive industry all
the time any car why you got to make it
a personal
attack any car older than uh you know 5
years um man yeah I'm trying to think in
my life people generally ask me before
they buy a tech thing yeah I'm trying I
don't I don't have a lot of experience I
don't think it really happens that
much um I mean there's definitely people
internally here who have spent way too
much money on Tech stuff that I'm just
like whoa I mean do you even watch the
videos you edit but um not like in my
personal life I don't think this is a
spoiler doing scrapyard Wars made me
want to do like a home theater build or
something oh just cuz it's so affordable
now seems like a good time dude you can
get a GPU with like RTX like HDR
whatever like you can get like a 2060 PC
with a decent enough processor for like
next to nothing it's the capture card
that's going to kill you cuz I don't
think the used market for good capture
cards is going to be that great I have a
capture card though I have an external
capture card that's solid then you're
good to go buddy yeah I mean I could I
can actually I can verify that I'm on
Marketplace right now yeah yeah okay
like a good brand name capture card is
still going to cost you money I mean
this $25 Rando one might be fine but if
you want like something from I I mean
wow it's like basically Elgato or Rando
there's name for media I didn't realize
how much they ran that now it makes
sense I guess but yeah man elato is like
like do these do these guys have
effectively a mind share Monopoly or
like what what is going on here like
there's one a media Elgato Elgato
Elgato uh
Elgato
Elgato you green of all people
Elgato elato like this is
crazy any
who hey DL I know lonus is a big fan of
badminton and badminton gear are there
plans to create uh are there plans in
creating and selling badminton related
gear for LTD store.com or the pro shop
at the new badminton location I don't
think that we're going to do the kind of
volume that we would need to do in the
Pro Shop to create specific products for
it but we will sell like our water
bottles in there and stuff I
think and I think one of the last ones
I've got here really expensive what's
expensive uh I have an old epam Avio not
4K are like 400 bucks not 4K oh okay and
I did not spend $400 on it still it's
like 200 bucks at least what are those
worth now I don't know it didn't cost me
that much back in the day I don't know
if I got it from here or what probably
probably we had a handful yeah you have
like an avd I think so I don't think
they've come down in price basically at
all I think they have fpgas in them that
would be my
guess yeah that'll do it makes sense
last one I've got for you here hi D
what's a piece of tech that you've never
had to upgrade over the years despite
new versions of it being released all
the time oh I still have um I still have
my old Harmony remote from like when I
did a review of the Harmony remote so
when when was that my guess is like
2011 no it would have been more recent
than that oh goodness not by much
uh
2014 Oh I thought this was like before
so I am still
I I still have this harmony remote
deployed right now did you have one
before this nope this is my first one oh
weird I got it and I deployed it and I
used it forever yep Harmony remote SE
old
setup okay all right that's it um sorry
for the shorter show um there was a a
loss in my family yesterday and the
reason I'm bringing it up is that it may
impact our schedule next Friday okay um
whatever work I'd like to keep the
streak alive but W show maybe at a
different time next week so what we're
looking at is
um I will have to be in the
city at
around um is like Morning Edition before
when show would normally start yeah uh
um so with that in mind I would really
rather do
um you want to do ultra late or Ultra
early not my kids not my wife but
immediate family so I'm probably going
to be there were a couple people who
noticed in chat today I'm a little off
today I'm a little off today um I
thought you did splendidly thank you um
I would like it to not be after cuz I'm
probably going to be obliterated totally
so we may have to do a bit of an early W
show next week Morning Show sounds fun
to me okay so maybe just let the let the
crew know and uh we'll uh we'll maybe do
that if that works yeah all right thank
you guys we'll see you again next week
same bad time same bad Channel
[Music]
bye I am tired and it's time to go home
yeah
[Music]
for